src/pages/developing/frameworks/web-components.mdx, before:

---
title: Frameworks
description: Carbon for IBM.com Web Components, using Custom Elements v1 and Shadow DOM v1 specs.
tabs: ['Web Components', 'React']
---

import { Link } from 'gatsby';

<PageDescription>

Carbon for IBM.com Web Components uses the Custom Elements v1 and Shadow DOM v1 specs. Web components is the new browser
standard with native support, supported in all modern browsers.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>
  <AnchorLink>Install via import</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Install via CDN</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>IBM.com shell</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Available components</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Web components template</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>React wrapper</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Using with Carbon Web Components</AnchorLink>
</AnchorLinks>

## Install via import

Using [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/):

```bash
npm install -S @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components lit-html lit-element
```

Using [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/):

```bash
yarn add @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components lit-html lit-element
```

### lit-html / lit-element

`@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components` uses [`lit-html`](https://lit-html.polymer-project.org) for reactive templating on
top of the Web Components standard, and [`lit-element`](https://lit-element.polymer-project.org) for reactive
properties/attributes on top of `lit-html`. These are `peerDependencies` of the project, so they would need to be
installed separately.

## Install via CDN

Carbon for IBM.com Web Components are also available via CDN, where a script tag can be added directly to an HTML page
and rendered directly without the need for front-end bundling. Here is an example adding the `dotcom-shell` to a page:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <script
      type="module"
      src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/latest/dotcom-shell.min.js"
    ></script>
    ...
  </head>
  <body>
    <dds-dotcom-shell-container></dds-dotcom-shell-container>
  </body>
</html>
```

To see all available CDN links, visit the `Docs` tab for the corresponding components in [Storybook](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components).

### Tag versus specific version

All components are available either by moving tag versions, or specific versions (starting at `v1.6.0`).

The latest/next/beta tags are moving versions. While beneficial to always stay on the most recent version, it is
recommended to choose a specific version and properly test your application when upgrading to a newer version.

| Tag      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `latest` | Updated with every full release                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `next`   | Updated with every release candidate during code freeze periods. See our release schedule at the pinned issue on our [issue board](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues). |
| `beta`   | Updated every two weeks                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Here are examples of setting by tag:

```html
<!-- LATEST tag -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/latest/dotcom-shell.min.js"
></script>

<!-- NEXT tag -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/next/dotcom-shell.min.js"
></script>

<!-- BETA tag -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/beta/dotcom-shell.min.js"
></script>
```

Here is an example on setting by specific version:

```html
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/version/v1.6.0/dotcom-shell.rtl.min.js"
></script>
```

Check [npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components) to see the latest available version.

### Right-to-left (RTL) versions

In addition, the right-to-left (RTL) versions are also available:

```html
<!-- SPECIFIC version -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/version/v1.6.0/dotcom-shell.rtl.min.js"
></script>

<!-- LATEST tag -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/latest/dotcom-shell.rtl.min.js"
></script>

<!-- NEXT tag -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/next/dotcom-shell.rtl.min.js"
></script>

<!-- BETA tag -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/beta/dotcom-shell.rtl.min.js"
></script>
```

### Carbon CDN style helpers (optional)

There are optional CDN artifacts available that can assist with global Carbon
styles in lieu of including into your specific application bundle.

For example, the following adds Carbon reset and necessary Plex fonts to the page:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <link
      rel="stylesheet"
      href="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/latest/plex.css"
    />
    ...
  </head>
</html>
```

<br />
Learn more about <Link to="/developing/carbon-cdn-style-helpers">
  Carbon CDN style helpers.
</Link>

## IBM.com shell

If you are looking to get started on a page, you can make use of the `<dds-dotcom-shell>`, which is a UI shell that
contains the `<dds-masthead>` and the `<dds-footer>`, using Carbon's grid.

View the `<dds-dotcom-shell>` in [Storybook Web Components](http://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components/?path=/story/components-dotcom-shell--default).

## Available components

<Row className="resource-card-group">

<Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
<ResourceCard
  subTitle="Carbon for IBM.com Storybook Web Components"
  href="https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components/"
>

![Storybook Web Components](./../../../images/icon/js_logo.svg)

</ResourceCard>
</Column>
</Row>

## Web Components template

If you are looking to build out a light static site using Web Components, the
[Web Components template](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-web-components-template) is available.
This includes the default configurations for the `<DotcomShell>`, some sample components to get you started, as well as
configurable translation files to ensure your page can be internationalized.

## React wrapper

Our team builds new components for Carbon for IBM.com as web components first. Anything that currently does not exist
in the <Link to="/developing/frameworks/react">React</Link> framework, are provided as web components with a React
wrapper for seamless integration into a React application.

<Row className="resource-card-group">

<Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
<ResourceCard
  subTitle="Carbon for IBM.com Storybook Web Components with React"
  href="https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components/react/"
>

![Storybook React](./../../../images/icon/react-icon.svg)

</ResourceCard>
</Column>
</Row>

## Using with Carbon Web Components

Carbon for IBM.com Web Components uses the Carbon Web Components library (`carbon-web-components`) under the hood.
When building your IBM.com application, both libraries can be used together. Carbon Web Components is the web component
version of core Carbon Design System. [Learn more about Carbon Web Components](https://carbondesignsystem.com/developing/frameworks/web-components).

Commit message:

chore(docs): add specific info about tagged cdn versions (#1500)
* chore(docs): add specific info about tagged cdn versions

* chore(docs): remove beta tag from docs

src/pages/developing/frameworks/web-components.mdx, after:

---
title: Frameworks
description: Carbon for IBM.com Web Components, using Custom Elements v1 and Shadow DOM v1 specs.
tabs: ['Web Components', 'React']
---

import { Link } from 'gatsby';

<PageDescription>

Carbon for IBM.com Web Components uses the Custom Elements v1 and Shadow DOM v1 specs. Web components is the new browser
standard with native support, supported in all modern browsers.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>
  <AnchorLink>Install via import</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Install via CDN</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>IBM.com shell</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Available components</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Web components template</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>React wrapper</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Using with Carbon Web Components</AnchorLink>
</AnchorLinks>

## Install via import

Using [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/):

```bash
npm install -S @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components lit-html lit-element
```

Using [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/):

```bash
yarn add @carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components lit-html lit-element
```

### lit-html / lit-element

`@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components` uses [`lit-html`](https://lit-html.polymer-project.org) for reactive templating on
top of the Web Components standard, and [`lit-element`](https://lit-element.polymer-project.org) for reactive
properties/attributes on top of `lit-html`. These are `peerDependencies` of the project, so they would need to be
installed separately.

## Install via CDN

Carbon for IBM.com Web Components are also available via CDN, where a script tag can be added directly to an HTML page
and rendered directly without the need for front-end bundling. Here is an example adding the `dotcom-shell` to a page:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <script
      type="module"
      src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/latest/dotcom-shell.min.js"
    ></script>
    ...
  </head>
  <body>
    <dds-dotcom-shell-container></dds-dotcom-shell-container>
  </body>
</html>
```

To see all available CDN links, visit the `Docs` tab for the corresponding components in [Storybook](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components).

### Tag versus specific version

All components are available either by moving tag versions, or specific versions (starting at `v1.6.0`).

The `latest`/`next` tags are moving versions. When `latest`/`next` tags are updated, Akamai caches can take up to 24 hours to clear, which could result in instability during that time. It is highly recommended to instead use a specific version for applications on production and to properly test your application when upgrading to a newer version

Please ensure only one version of artifacts is used at a time, having multiple versions will cause rendering issues.

| Tag      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `latest` | Updated on Friday at 6pm EST with every full release                                                                                                                                                      |
| `next`   | Updated with every release candidate during code freeze periods. See our release schedule at the pinned issue on our [issue board](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues). |

Here are examples of setting by tag:

```html
<!-- LATEST tag -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/latest/dotcom-shell.min.js"
></script>

<!-- NEXT tag -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/next/dotcom-shell.min.js"
></script>

<!-- BETA tag -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/beta/dotcom-shell.min.js"
></script>
```

Here is an example on setting by specific version:

```html
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/version/v1.6.0/dotcom-shell.rtl.min.js"
></script>
```

Check [npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components) to see the latest available version.

### Right-to-left (RTL) versions

In addition, the right-to-left (RTL) versions are also available:

```html
<!-- SPECIFIC version -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/version/v1.6.0/dotcom-shell.rtl.min.js"
></script>

<!-- LATEST tag -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/latest/dotcom-shell.rtl.min.js"
></script>

<!-- NEXT tag -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/next/dotcom-shell.rtl.min.js"
></script>

<!-- BETA tag -->
<script
  type="module"
  src="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/beta/dotcom-shell.rtl.min.js"
></script>
```

### Carbon CDN style helpers (optional)

There are optional CDN artifacts available that can assist with global Carbon
styles in lieu of including into your specific application bundle.

For example, the following adds Carbon reset and necessary Plex fonts to the page:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <link
      rel="stylesheet"
      href="https://1.www.s81c.com/common/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tag/v1/latest/plex.css"
    />
    ...
  </head>
</html>
```

<br />
Learn more about <Link to="/developing/carbon-cdn-style-helpers">
  Carbon CDN style helpers.
</Link>

## IBM.com shell

If you are looking to get started on a page, you can make use of the `<dds-dotcom-shell>`, which is a UI shell that
contains the `<dds-masthead>` and the `<dds-footer>`, using Carbon's grid.

View the `<dds-dotcom-shell>` in [Storybook Web Components](http://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components/?path=/story/components-dotcom-shell--default).

## Available components

<Row className="resource-card-group">

<Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
<ResourceCard
  subTitle="Carbon for IBM.com Storybook Web Components"
  href="https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components/"
>

![Storybook Web Components](./../../../images/icon/js_logo.svg)

</ResourceCard>
</Column>
</Row>

## Web Components template

If you are looking to build out a light static site using Web Components, the
[Web Components template](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-web-components-template) is available.
This includes the default configurations for the `<DotcomShell>`, some sample components to get you started, as well as
configurable translation files to ensure your page can be internationalized.

## React wrapper

Our team builds new components for Carbon for IBM.com as web components first. Anything that currently does not exist
in the <Link to="/developing/frameworks/react">React</Link> framework, are provided as web components with a React
wrapper for seamless integration into a React application.

<Row className="resource-card-group">

<Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
<ResourceCard
  subTitle="Carbon for IBM.com Storybook Web Components with React"
  href="https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components/react/"
>

![Storybook React](./../../../images/icon/react-icon.svg)

</ResourceCard>
</Column>
</Row>

## Using with Carbon Web Components

Carbon for IBM.com Web Components uses the Carbon Web Components library (`carbon-web-components`) under the hood.
When building your IBM.com application, both libraries can be used together. Carbon Web Components is the web component
version of core Carbon Design System. [Learn more about Carbon Web Components](https://carbondesignsystem.com/developing/frameworks/web-components).
