src/pages/patterns/cards.mdx, before:

---
title: Cards
description:
  Cards display a snapshot of information in an easily scannable and digestible
  way.
---

<PageDescription>

Cards display a snapshot of information in an easily scannable and digestible
way. Cards encourage user interactions such as tapping, hovering, and clicking
to view more details or to take action. They can be used as navigational
components or to highlight secondary editorial content.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Call-to-action</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Navigational</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Featured content</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Informational</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Resources</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Use of icons</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Related components and patterns</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

Cards are used commonly across digital experiences. They can accommodate a range
of content types and are often used to drive or progress users to a supporting
page, resource or external destination.

## Call-to-action

Cards can be used as a call-to-action (CTA) to direct users to a key piece of
content. A CTA card behaves much like a button or text link but is more
prominent in size and descriptive in content. CTA cards are not a replacement or
alternative for regular CTA buttons and should be used with careful
consideration only to support specific content needs.

Examples of cards used as a call-to-action:

<Title>Card link</Title>

![Card link](../../images/pattern/cards/cards-cardlink.jpg)

<Caption>
  A single card is placed at the bottom of this section to encourage users to
  learn more about the preceding content.
</Caption>

### When to use call-to-action cards

- Use to progress users to associated content and resources
- Use to direct readers to other web pages that directly relate to the topic at
  hand
- Use sparingly, to enhance learning of use cases only

### When not to use call-to-action cards

- Do not use if the desination does not have immediately relevant information
- Do not use if the next section on the page is a group of cards
- Do not use as a global replacement or alternative for buttons

## Navigational

A group of cards can be used to help users navigate to various pieces of
information about the subject matter they are interested in learning about or
the offering they intend to purchase.

Examples of card-based designs that serve navigational intent:

<Title>Cards — navigational</Title>

![Cards – navigational](../../images/pattern/cards/cards-navigational.jpg)

<Caption>
  These cards are used as navigational drivers with each one leading to a unique
  industry page.
</Caption>

### When to use navigational cards

- Use to present a range of potential pathways to users
- Use to present content in a scannable and accessible way
- Use as an interactive browsing device

### When not to use navigational cards

- Do not use if you want the user to choose a specific pathway
- Do not use if there is an intended hierarchy for reading or scanning
- Do not use to display detailed descriptions

## Featured content

Cards can be used to surface key associated content, showcase significant
supporting material, or aesthetically highlight an important next step.

Examples of cards that can be used to call attention to features:

<Title>Feature card</Title>

![Feature card](../../images/pattern/cards/cards-feature.jpg)

<Caption>
  In this example, a single large card is used to highlight available industry
  examples that address the user’s need.
</Caption>

### When to use featured content cards

- Use to call attention to important content
- Use when linking to a single destination
- Use to feature compelling imagery and messaging

### When not to use featured content cards

- Do not use if the information is not vital to the main content or user need
- Do not use if you want the user to stay on the current page
- Do not use as a decorative element

## Informational

Cards are often used to organize a group of related items into short, digestible
content pieces.

Examples of cards that can be used to inform users:

<Title>Content group cards</Title>

![Card link](../../images/pattern/cards/cards-contentgroup.jpg)

<Caption>
  These cards provide a short but comprehensive overview for each topic
  presented.
</Caption>

### When to use informational cards

- Use to give equal hierarchy to all content items
- Use to link users to important features, services or topics
- Use to group multiple text-based content items together

### When not to use informational cards

- Do not use to group unrelated content or resources
- Do not use to display lists of features
- Do not use to accommodate long-form reading

## Resources

Cards can be used to link to diverse resources such as learning material or
media that support the main content or offering. Grouping resources together
using cards provides a preview to each resource and allows a user to choose
their own journey based on their needs.

Examples of cards that can be used to showcase diverse resources:

<Title>Card section — with images</Title>

![Card link](../../images/pattern/cards/cards-resources.jpg)

<Caption>
  Cards with images, when grouped together, provide a visual glimpse into the
  additional resources available.
</Caption>

### When to use resource cards

- Use to present an array of resources in a single section of the page
- Use when users need to continue learning about a topic or offering
- Use to group different content types and destinations together

### When not to use informational cards

- Do not use if a resource is specifically tied to content elsewhere on the page
- Do not use when users are at the end of their pre-purchase journey

## Use of icons

Cards often include an icon that indicates the behavior or direction in which
the user will take or the type of content available to the user after they click
on a card.

<Title>Icon usage</Title>

- Use the `arrow—right` icon to indicate moving to a different page
- Use the `arrow—down` icon to indicate jumping to a section of the same page
- Use the `launch` icon to indicate opening a separate application or website
- Use the `download` icon to indicate a file download
- Use the `video` icon to indicate launching a video player

<Title>Icon position</Title>

In general, the usual content flow which places the CTA as the last element
applies to cards too.

1. The default position: lower-left corner

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Deffault icon position](./images/patterns--cards--default-icon-position-specs.png)

</Column>
</Row>

2. When there are more than one icon, place the content elements in the
   counterclockwise order with the CTA icon as the last element.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Icon position should follow the content order in the counterclockwise direction](./images/patterns--cards--icon-position.png)

</Column>
</Row>

3. For large cards used either in a group of small number or alone, depending on
   the design, the icon can be placed on in the lower-right corner.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Card link](./images/patterns--cards--large-card-icon-position.png)

</Column>
</Row>

Less common but also effective, this option works best on single large cards
such as the [Feature card](../components/cards#feature-card).

When there are multiple cards grouped together, each icon should be in the same
position on each card. Do not alternate the position of the icon from card to
card.

<Title>Icon color</Title>

Card icons act as the primary indicator or call-to-action and therefore should
use the color token `$interactive-04` when possible. In some cases, white arrows
may be used on gray90 or gray100 cards.

When grouping multiple cards together, all icons should use the same color
token.

Do not use icons as a way to express brand colors or gradients.

## Related components and patterns

<Title>Components</Title>

- [Card](../components/card)
- [Card link](../components/card-link)
- [Card section](../components/card-section)
- [Content group cards](../components/content-group-cards)
- [Feature card](../components/cards#feature-card)

<Title>Patterns</Title>

- [Call-to-action](../patterns/call-to-action)
- [In-page navigation](../patterns/in-page-navigation)

Commit message:

[Patterns – Cards] minor content updates + fixed card link (#1642)
* minor content updates + fixed card link

* resource cards

* Featured content to Feature card heading

* colon

* Update src/pages/patterns/cards.mdx

Co-authored-by: Olivia Flory <45692622+oliviaflory@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Olivia Flory <45692622+oliviaflory@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: kodiakhq[bot] <49736102+kodiakhq[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/pages/patterns/cards.mdx, after:

---
title: Cards
description:
  Cards display a snapshot of information in an easily scannable and digestible
  way.
---

<PageDescription>

Cards display a snapshot of information in an easily scannable and digestible
way. Cards encourage user interactions such as tapping, hovering, and clicking
to view more details or to take action. They can be used as navigational
components or to highlight secondary editorial content.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Call-to-action</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Navigational</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feature cards</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Informational</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Resources</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Use of icons</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Related components and patterns</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

Cards are used commonly across digital experiences. They can accommodate a range
of content types and are often used to drive or progress users to a supporting
page, resource or external destination.

## Call-to-action

Cards can be used as a call-to-action (CTA) to direct users to a key piece of
content. A CTA card behaves much like a button or text link but is more
prominent in size and descriptive in content. CTA cards are not a replacement or
alternative for regular CTA buttons and should be used with careful
consideration only to support specific content needs.

Examples of cards used as a call-to-action:

<Title>Card link</Title>

![Card link](../../images/pattern/cards/cards-cardlink.jpg)

<Caption>
  A single card is placed at the bottom of this section to encourage users to
  learn more about the preceding content.
</Caption>

### When to use call-to-action cards

- Use to progress users to associated content and resources
- Use to direct readers to other web pages that directly relate to the topic at
  hand
- Use sparingly so that multiple cards are not competing for the user's attention

### When not to use call-to-action cards

- Do not use if the destination lacks immediately relevant information
- Do not use if the next section on the page is a group of cards
- Do not use as a global replacement or alternative for buttons

## Navigational

A group of cards can be used to present users with a visual collection of related pathways for the user to explore. Users can then navigate to any piece of
information about the subject matter they are interested in learning about or
the offering they intend to purchase.

Examples of card-based designs that serve navigational intent:

<Title>Cards — navigational</Title>

![Cards – navigational](../../images/pattern/cards/cards-navigational.jpg)

<Caption>
  These cards are used as navigational drivers with each one leading to a unique
  industry page.
</Caption>

### When to use navigational cards

- Use to present a range of potential pathways to users
- Use to present content in an easily scannable and accessible way
- Use as an interactive browsing collection

### When not to use navigational cards

- Do not use if you want the user to choose a specific pathway
- Do not use if there is an intended hierarchy for reading or scanning
- Do not use to display detailed descriptions

## Feature cards

[Feature card](../components/cards#feature-card) can be used at the end of related content to provide a stronger call to action for users to navigate to an important next step. Feature card comes in two sizes: large and medium.

Examples of cards that can be used to call attention to features:

<Title>Feature card</Title>

![Feature card](../../images/pattern/cards/cards-feature.jpg)

<Caption>
  In this example, a single large card is used to highlight available industry
  examples that address the user’s need.
</Caption>

### When to use Feature cards

- Use to call attention to important content
- Use when linking to a single destination
- Use to feature compelling imagery and messaging

### When not to use Feature cards

- Do not use if the information is less relevant to the main content or user need
- Do not use if you want the user to stay on the current page
- Do not use as a decorative element

## Informational

Cards are often used to organize a group of related items into short, digestible
content pieces. Keep in mind that using groups of cards repeatedly in a single page can make the content feel less engaging and harder to recall. To avoid overusing groups of cards in your content, consider displaying a group of [content items](../components/content-item) to vary the design of a page.

Examples of cards that can be used to inform users:

<Title>Content group cards</Title>

![Card link](../../images/pattern/cards/cards-contentgroup.jpg)

<Caption>
  These cards provide a short but comprehensive overview for each topic
  presented.
</Caption>

### When to use informational cards

- Use to give equal hierarchy to all content items
- Use to link users to important features, services or topics
- Use to group multiple pieces of content together

### When not to use informational cards

- Do not use to group unrelated content or resources
- Do not use to display lists of features
- Do not use to accommodate long-form reading
- Do not over use on a single page if the content does not call for it

## Resources

Cards can be used to link to diverse resources such as learning material or
media that support the main content or offering. Grouping resources together
using cards provides a preview of each resource and allows a user to choose
their own path based on their needs.

Examples of cards that can be used to showcase diverse resources:

<Title>Card section — with images</Title>

![Card link](../../images/pattern/cards/cards-resources.jpg)

<Caption>
  Cards with images, when grouped together, provide a visual glimpse into the
  additional resources available.
</Caption>

### When to use resource cards

- Use to present an array of resources in a single section of the page
- Use when users need to continue learning about a topic or offering
- Use to group different content types and destinations together

### When not to use resource cards

- Do not use if a resource is specifically tied to content elsewhere on the page
- Do not use when users are at the end of their pre-purchase journey

## Use of icons

Cards often include an icon that indicates the behavior or direction in which
the user will take or the type of content available to the user after they click
on a card.

<Title>Icon usage</Title>

- Use the `arrow—right` icon to indicate moving to a different page
- Use the `arrow—down` icon to indicate jumping to a section of the same page
- Use the `launch` icon to indicate opening a separate website or application
- Use the `download` icon to indicate a file download
- Use the `video` icon to indicate launching a video player

<Title>Icon position</Title>

In general, icons appear at the bottom of cards to visually support the card's function and book-end the content inside the card.

1. The default position: lower-left corner

<InlineNotification>

In the Carbon for IBM.com v2 package, the default position of the icon will be the lower-right corner of the card.

</InlineNotification>

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Deffault icon position](./images/patterns--cards--default-icon-position-specs.png)

</Column>
</Row>

2. When there are more than one icon, place the content elements in the
   counterclockwise order with the CTA icon as the last element.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Icon position should follow the content order in the counterclockwise direction](./images/patterns--cards--icon-position.png)

</Column>
</Row>

3. In larger cards, such as Feature card, the icon can be placed on in the lower-right corner.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Card link](./images/patterns--cards--large-card-icon-position.png)

</Column>
</Row>

Less common but also effective, this option works best on single large cards
such as the [Feature card](../components/cards#feature-card).

When there are multiple cards grouped together, each icon should be in the same
position on each card. Do not alternate the position of the icon from card to
card.

<Title>Icon color</Title>

Card icons act as the primary indicator or call-to-action and therefore should
use the color token `$interactive-04` when possible. In some cases, white arrows
may be used on cards with a gray90 or gray100 theme.

When grouping multiple cards together, all icons should use the same color
token.

Do not use icons as a way to express brand colors or gradients.

## Related components and patterns

<Title>Components</Title>

- [Card](../components/cards)
- [Card link](../components/cards#card-link)
- [Card section](../components/card-section)
- [Content group cards](../components/content-group-cards)
- [Feature card](../components/cards#feature-card)

<Title>Patterns</Title>

- [Call-to-action](../patterns/call-to-action)
- [In-page navigation](../patterns/in-page-navigation)
