src/pages/whats-happening/expressive-update.mdx, before:

---
title: Expressive styles in Carbon
description:
  The Expressive theme mission is now complete and the theme has been integrated
  into Carbon Design System's core library. Read on to see what this means for
  teams using the Carbon for IBM.com library.
---

<PageDescription>

We’re excited to say the Expressive theme mission is now complete and the theme
has been integrated into Carbon Design System's core library.

Read on to see what this means for teams using the Carbon for IBM.com library.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Background</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Recent work</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>What’s changed</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Next steps</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Questions</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Background

Two years ago, Carbon Expressive Theme was introduced as a wrapper within the
Carbon for IBM.com library, quietly bumping up type sizes and container heights
when needed.

The goal was to bridge the gap so IBM.com page makers could deliver an
expressive digital experience while still being compliant with Carbon.

## Recent work

The Carbon for IBM.com and Carbon teams have been working to consolidate
foundational assets into the core design system library that now includes both
expressive and productive type sizes. We removed the expressive wrapper in
v1.25.0 (27 Sep 2021), after expressive sizes were integrated into Carbon Design
System’s core library.

Having everything in one place makes it easier to both maintain and use the
assets, especially as teams begin to extend their designs to include both
productive and expressive styling.

## What’s changed

#### Button, Link, and List

While the Expressive theme adjusted all components of the Carbon Design System,
DDS and Carbon decided to simplify the expressive options to only those
components essential to long form reading and call-to-actions: Button, Link, and
List.

These three core components have been available as expressive variants in the
Carbon repo since Carbon v10.35 and will be available in the Carbon Sketch kit
from v11 forward.

Also, these components along with other key components from the library, will be
available this quarter in the new Carbon for IBM.com design kits.

#### New type tokens

We also added additional type tokens to pair with the larger type styles used in
expressive experiences:

| Text usage    | Productive token      | Expressive token (new) |
| ------------- | --------------------- | ---------------------- |
| Caption       | `$caption-01`         | `$caption-02`          |
| Label         | `$label-01`           | `$label-02`            |
| Helper text   | `$helper-text-01`     | `$helper-text-02`      |

## Next steps

### What does this mean for designers?

#### New Carbon for IBM.com design kits

We’ve been working on new design kits! Visit our
[Sketch kit](../designing/sketch-kit) and [Figma kit](../designing/figma-kit)
pages for all the information about getting started with our new kits.

#### The Carbon Expressive Sketch kit

The Carbon Expressive Sketch kit is no longer being maintained. We are shifting
focus to our new kits, adding components unique to IBM.com, and making these
design assets available for adopters as soon as possible.

#### Designing expressive experiences

We have new and detailed guidance on how to design an expressive experience for
IBM.com, see [Expressive styling](../../guidelines/expressive-styling/overview)
to learn all about styling strategies and type pairings.

### What does this mean for developers?

The Expressive theme was managed within Carbon for IBM.com so this change has
been delivered to your applications transparently. Unless you manually included
the Expressive theme, no work is necessary on your part.

Any customized components will need to be reviewed. If you're not ready to
accept the changes immediately, wait for your designers to review the impact.

The Expressive theme is part of the styles package. It's still available but
will no longer be maintained.

In the past we have automatically turned on the Expressive theme when including
the masthead and footer on the page, and this will no longer be the case
starting v1.25.

## Questions?

We're here to answer any questions!
[Reach out to us](https://cognitive-app.slack.com/archives/C2PLX8GQ6) via Slack
or join our weekly Office Hours.

- Developers meet Wednesdays at 9am ET.
- Designers meet Wednesdays at 10am ET.

Details are posted in our
[Slack channel](https://cognitive-app.slack.com/archives/C2PLX8GQ6).

Commit message:

[What's Happening WIP] v2 announcement (#1571)
* Add page, update nav

* test bracket

* remove brackets

* missed bracket

* remove bold

* nav revert

* rename + nav

* test

* name update

* file name change

* nav revert

* bold and node update

* Update src/data/nav-items.yaml

Co-authored-by: Olivia Flory <45692622+oliviaflory@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update src/pages/whats-happening/index.mdx

Co-authored-by: Olivia Flory <45692622+oliviaflory@users.noreply.github.com>

* copy and resource cards

* YourLearning svg

* PI scrub, remove Not changing, aria label

* Added LTS image

* Presentation link, box logo

* test

* Update src/pages/whats-happening/index.mdx

Co-authored-by: kennylam <909118+kennylam@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update src/pages/whats-happening/index.mdx

Co-authored-by: kennylam <909118+kennylam@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update src/pages/whats-happening/index.mdx

Co-authored-by: kennylam <909118+kennylam@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update src/pages/whats-happening/index.mdx

Co-authored-by: kennylam <909118+kennylam@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update src/pages/whats-happening/index.mdx

Co-authored-by: kennylam <909118+kennylam@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update src/pages/whats-happening/index.mdx

Co-authored-by: kennylam <909118+kennylam@users.noreply.github.com>

* Remove react faq item

* Image to link, added internal only

* Remove 'the'

* image in

---------

Co-authored-by: Olivia Flory <45692622+oliviaflory@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: kennylam <909118+kennylam@users.noreply.github.com>

src/pages/whats-happening/expressive-update.mdx, after:

---
title: Expressive Update
description: We are excited to announce the upcoming release of *Carbon for IBM.com v2*! This update focuses on upgrading to Carbon v11, improving the layout experience for ease of authoring as well as other component improvements for designers and developers.
---

<PageDescription>

We’re excited to say the Expressive theme mission is now complete and the theme
has been integrated into Carbon Design System's core library.

Read on to see what this means for teams using the Carbon for IBM.com library.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Background</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Recent work</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>What’s changed</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Next steps</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Questions</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Background

Two years ago, Carbon Expressive Theme was introduced as a wrapper within the
Carbon for IBM.com library, quietly bumping up type sizes and container heights
when needed.

The goal was to bridge the gap so IBM.com page makers could deliver an
expressive digital experience while still being compliant with Carbon.

## Recent work

The Carbon for IBM.com and Carbon teams have been working to consolidate
foundational assets into the core design system library that now includes both
expressive and productive type sizes. We removed the expressive wrapper in
v1.25.0 (27 Sep 2021), after expressive sizes were integrated into Carbon Design
System’s core library.

Having everything in one place makes it easier to both maintain and use the
assets, especially as teams begin to extend their designs to include both
productive and expressive styling.

## What’s changed

#### Button, Link, and List

While the Expressive theme adjusted all components of the Carbon Design System,
DDS and Carbon decided to simplify the expressive options to only those
components essential to long form reading and call-to-actions: Button, Link, and
List.

These three core components have been available as expressive variants in the
Carbon repo since Carbon v10.35 and will be available in the Carbon Sketch kit
from v11 forward.

Also, these components along with other key components from the library, will be
available this quarter in the new Carbon for IBM.com design kits.

#### New type tokens

We also added additional type tokens to pair with the larger type styles used in
expressive experiences:

| Text usage    | Productive token      | Expressive token (new) |
| ------------- | --------------------- | ---------------------- |
| Caption       | `$caption-01`         | `$caption-02`          |
| Label         | `$label-01`           | `$label-02`            |
| Helper text   | `$helper-text-01`     | `$helper-text-02`      |

## Next steps

### What does this mean for designers?

#### New Carbon for IBM.com design kits

We’ve been working on new design kits! Visit our
[Sketch kit](../designing/sketch-kit) and [Figma kit](../designing/figma-kit)
pages for all the information about getting started with our new kits.

#### The Carbon Expressive Sketch kit

The Carbon Expressive Sketch kit is no longer being maintained. We are shifting
focus to our new kits, adding components unique to IBM.com, and making these
design assets available for adopters as soon as possible.

#### Designing expressive experiences

We have new and detailed guidance on how to design an expressive experience for
IBM.com, see [Expressive styling](../../guidelines/expressive-styling/overview)
to learn all about styling strategies and type pairings.

### What does this mean for developers?

The Expressive theme was managed within Carbon for IBM.com so this change has
been delivered to your applications transparently. Unless you manually included
the Expressive theme, no work is necessary on your part.

Any customized components will need to be reviewed. If you're not ready to
accept the changes immediately, wait for your designers to review the impact.

The Expressive theme is part of the styles package. It's still available but
will no longer be maintained.

In the past we have automatically turned on the Expressive theme when including
the masthead and footer on the page, and this will no longer be the case
starting v1.25.

## Questions?

We're here to answer any questions!
[Reach out to us](https://cognitive-app.slack.com/archives/C2PLX8GQ6) via Slack
or join our weekly Office Hours.

- Developers meet Wednesdays at 9am ET.
- Designers meet Wednesdays at 10am ET.

Details are posted in our
[Slack channel](https://cognitive-app.slack.com/archives/C2PLX8GQ6).
