src/pages/whats-happening/index.mdx, before:

---
title: What’s happening
description: We are excited to announce the upcoming release of Carbon for IBM.com v2! This update focuses on upgrading to Carbon v11, improving the layout experience for ease of authoring as well as other component improvements for designers and developers.
---

<PageDescription>

We are excited to announce the upcoming release of **Carbon for IBM.com v2**! This update focuses on upgrading to Carbon v11, improving the layout experience for ease of authoring as well as other component improvements for designers and developers.

</PageDescription>

## Overview

As with a major release, there will be some breaking changes that will require minor redesigning and/or content adjustments. The Design Program Office team will provide design and development guidance to help facilitate the migration to v2.

### Information session

Watch the Carbon for IBM.com team showcase the updates coming in Carbon for IBM.com v2.

<Row className="resource-card-group">
  <Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
    <ResourceCard
      subTitle="Carbon for IBM.com v2 presentation (internal only)"
      actionIcon="launch"
      href="https://ibm.box.com/s/7y7yqt1s2jrvfdeczs35rkjd8t5rb811"
    >

![Box](../../images/icon/box-logo.svg)

</ResourceCard>
  </Column>

  <Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
    <ResourceCard
      subTitle="Presentation slides (internal only)"
      actionIcon="launch"
      href="https://www.figma.com/proto/4FYUucHe9mN2r8V19Tlno3/Carbon-for-IBM.com-v2-Presentation?page-id=86%3A62780&type=design&node-id=86-65171&viewport=1899%2C8211%2C0.32&scaling=min-zoom"
    >

![Figma](../../images/icon/figma.svg)

</ResourceCard>
  </Column>

</Row>

### What are the benefits?

- Upgrade to Carbon v11, which includes updated color and type tokens, components, and accessibility enhancements.
- Faster package build times
- Faster page load times
- Web Components upgraded to use Lit v2
- Simplified component list with more flexibility for each component
- Component enhancements for authoring such as content section and Masthead v2
- Improvements to spacing logic across Carbon for IBM.com's Layout and UI components
- Accessibility improvements for components

## Long-term Support timeline

![Long Term Support](../../images/release-schedule/dotcom-lts.png)

## FAQ

#### What is the Carbon for IBM.com v2 beta and when will it be ready?

Beta version of v2 is planned for end of June 2023. This will be the first pre-release version of the library. It will be the first opportunity for adopters/users to work with the package and provide feedback to the team regarding any bugs or differences that weren’t expected. See the Long-term Support timeline above.

#### When are we launching Carbon for IBM.com v2 production?

Production release is planned for end of September 2023. This will be when the package is considered General Availability (GA). See the Long-term Support timeline above.

#### What is required for migration?

We are working on migration guidance as we build out the v2 package. More resources and links will be provided here, so check back for more details.

#### When do adopters have to migrate?

Adopters should plan to migrate their application, webpages, and/or docs to Carbon for IBM.com v2 _before the end of maintenance of v1_. Ensure you have built the time for migration into your planning for 2024. If you remain on v1 after the end of maintenance, your application could have a risk with unresolved security vulnerabilities and/or outdated upstream dependencies. See the Long-term Support timeline above.

#### What frameworks will be supported?

Carbon for IBM.com v2 will no longer support React and focus fully on web components. This applies to the [@carbon/web-components](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/carbon-web-components) and [@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components) packages. Both packages will still provide React wrappers for projects requiring React.

## Questions?

We're here to answer any questions!
[Reach out to us](https://cognitive-app.slack.com/archives/C2PLX8GQ6) via Slack
or join our weekly Office Hours.

- Developers meet Wednesdays at 9am ET.
- Designers meet Wednesdays at 10am ET.

Details are posted in our
[Slack channel](https://cognitive-app.slack.com/archives/C2PLX8GQ6).

Commit message:

update-whats-happening-page (#1601)
* update-info-session

* add link to LTS

* update date formatting

src/pages/whats-happening/index.mdx, after:

---
title: What’s happening
description: We are excited to announce the upcoming release of Carbon for IBM.com v2! This update focuses on upgrading to Carbon v11, improving the layout experience for ease of authoring as well as other component improvements for designers and developers.
---

<PageDescription>

We are excited to announce the upcoming release of **Carbon for IBM.com v2**! This update focuses on upgrading to Carbon v11, improving the layout experience for ease of authoring as well as other component improvements for designers and developers.

</PageDescription>

## Overview

As with a major release, there will be some breaking changes that will require minor redesigning and/or content adjustments. The Design Program Office team will provide design and development guidance to help facilitate the migration to v2.

### Information sessions

Watch the Carbon for IBM.com team showcase the updates coming in Carbon for IBM.com v2. _Note that information session content is accessible to IBMers only._

| Session date | Recording | Slides |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Session 1 – May 22** | [Recording](https://ec.yourlearning.ibm.com/w3/playback/10372722) | [Slides](https://www.figma.com/proto/4FYUucHe9mN2r8V19Tlno3/Carbon-for-IBM.com-v2-Presentation?page-id=86%3A62780&type=design&node-id=86-65171&viewport=1899%2C8211%2C0.32&scaling=min-zoom) |
| **Session 2 – July 10** | [Recording](https://ec.yourlearning.ibm.com/w3/playback/10372711) | [Slides](https://www.figma.com/proto/oRxShbzUMUVPrsphNIYNgJ/Carbon-for-IBM.com-v2-Presentation-Pt-2?page-id=86%3A62780&type=design&node-id=86-65171&viewport=4255%2C18244%2C0.57&t=UH1o4elM9wL4Omn0-1&scaling=scale-down)

### What are the benefits?

- Upgrade to Carbon v11, which includes updated color and type tokens, components, and accessibility enhancements.
- Faster package build times
- Faster page load times
- Web Components upgraded to use Lit v2
- Simplified component list with more flexibility for each component
- Component enhancements for authoring such as content section and Masthead v2
- Improvements to spacing logic across Carbon for IBM.com's Layout and UI components
- Accessibility improvements for components

## Long-term Support timeline

Visit our Github for a table version of our [long-term support schedule](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/blob/main/docs/release-schedule.md)

![Long Term Support](../../images/release-schedule/dotcom-lts.png)

## FAQ

#### What is the Carbon for IBM.com v2 beta and when will it be ready?

Beta version of v2 is planned for end of June 2023. This will be the first pre-release version of the library. It will be the first opportunity for adopters/users to work with the package and provide feedback to the team regarding any bugs or differences that weren’t expected. See the Long-term Support timeline above.

#### When are we launching Carbon for IBM.com v2 production?

Production release is planned for end of September 2023. This will be when the package is considered General Availability (GA). See the Long-term Support timeline above.

#### What is required for migration?

We are working on migration guidance as we build out the v2 package. More resources and links will be provided here, so check back for more details.

#### When do adopters have to migrate?

Adopters should plan to migrate their application, webpages, and/or docs to Carbon for IBM.com v2 _before the end of maintenance of v1_. Ensure you have built the time for migration into your planning for 2024. If you remain on v1 after the end of maintenance, your application could have a risk with unresolved security vulnerabilities and/or outdated upstream dependencies. See the Long-term Support timeline above.

#### What frameworks will be supported?

Carbon for IBM.com v2 will no longer support React and focus fully on web components. This applies to the [@carbon/web-components](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/carbon-web-components) and [@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/tree/main/packages/web-components) packages. Both packages will still provide React wrappers for projects requiring React.

## Questions?

We're here to answer any questions!
[Reach out to us](https://cognitive-app.slack.com/archives/C2PLX8GQ6) via Slack
or join our weekly Office Hours.

- Developers meet Wednesdays at 9am ET.
- Designers meet Wednesdays at 10am ET.

Details are posted in our
[Slack channel](https://cognitive-app.slack.com/archives/C2PLX8GQ6).
