wiki/Design-only/Footnotes.md, before:

`Decorator` <!-- category start --><!-- category end -->

The [[Footnotes]] component allows the adopter add reference links throughout
their page content as an anchor link. These anchor links then launches or
navigates them to the list of notes highlighting the item clicked on.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3793636/119145372-3025ee00-ba0f-11eb-813d-2fa0103caafb.png)

<hr width="40%" />

<!-- toc start open="true" depthStart="3" depthEnd="5" --><!-- toc end -->

<details open="true">
  <summary><strong>Dependencies</strong> (<!-- dependencyCount start --><!-- dependencyCount end -->)</summary><br />

- [[Markdown utility]]
- [[Expressive modal]]

<br />
</details>

<!-- usedby start open="true" -->

_{{usedby auto populates}}_

<!-- usedby end -->

<!-- backlinks start open="true" -->

_{{backlinks auto populates}}_

<!-- backlinks end -->

<a name="resources"></a>

<details open="true">
  <summary><strong>Resources</strong></summary><br />

- r1: [Box folder](https://ibm.ent.box.com/folder/125888064064)

<br />
</details>

<hr width="40%" />

<br />

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3793636/117873919-f6faba80-b265-11eb-81a5-039bdcd822e8.png)
> See box folder <sup>[r1](#resources)</sup> for more details

Commit message:

Docs  footnote design only (#1434)
* Moving Footnote section and renaming in the wiki

* Change name

* Added reference link to box folder

* Remove descriptive tags

* Rollback comments

Co-authored-by: kodiakhq[bot] <49736102+kodiakhq[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

wiki/Design-only/Footnotes.md, after:

`Decorator` <!-- category start -->_`{{Category auto populates}}`_<!-- category end -->

[[Footnotes]] are used to connect footnote reference in the content and display the full list of footnote references that appeared on the page. The full footnote list appears directly above the [[Footer]] component at the bottom of the page, and uses the [Carbon list] component with additional padding between each link to display links or other notes for each reference. The Footnote references themselves can be dynamically generated based on footnote anchor links entered into the content or manually entered. Can include optional follow-up text content below the list section, useful for copyright or other information.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15643582/146784615-25285f47-013a-45d1-9016-925c267f3807.jpg)

<hr width="40%" />

<!-- toc start open="true" depthStart="3" depthEnd="5" -->

_{{table of contents auto populates}}_

<!-- toc end -->

<details open="true">
  <summary><strong>Dependencies</strong> (<!-- dependencyCount start --><!-- dependencyCount end -->)</summary><br />

- [[Carbon list]]
- [[Content section]]

<br />
</details>

<!-- usedby start -->

_{{usedby auto populates}}_

<!-- usedby end -->

<!-- backlinks start -->

_{{backlinks auto populates}}_

<!-- backlinks end -->

<a name="resources"></a>

<details open="true">
  <summary><strong>Resources</strong></summary><br />

- r1: [Resource 1](https://example.com)
