src/pages/help/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Help
description: The help page for Carbon for IBM.com
---

<PageDescription>

The Carbon for IBM.com core team provides support for users of the design system. Find the use case below that most closely matches your own for the quickest response.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Questions</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Suggestions or contributions</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Resources</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Questions

### Carbon for IBM.com website

Please take some time to explore the content on this website before engaging the Carbon for IBM.com core team. The site is very comprehensive and most of the guidelines and components are well documented.

### Frequently asked questions

Answers to the most common questions about the design system can be found in the [FAQ](/help/faqs).

### Slack channels

_Internal IBM users only. The Carbon for IBM.com core team maintains the following channels and will provide support as time permits._

**Please try searching the Slack channel for your topic first.** Slack’s filtering feature will return more targeted and relevant results. For instance, if you have a technical question about the DataTable component, you could search “DataTable” in Slack and then filter by the #carbon-for-ibm-dotcom channel.

_Tip: You can start a new search directly from the message box using the /s slash command._

## Suggestions or contributions

### GitHub pull requests

If you have a specific fix or contribution, you can generate a pull request in the appropriate Carbon for IBM.com repo.

### GitHub issues

Bug reports, feature requests, and general feedback can be delivered to the Carbon for IBM.com team via the creation of a [GitHub](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose) issue.

**Design issues**

- [Accessibility](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose)
- [Components](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose)
- [Design kit](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-design-kit/issues/new)
- [Icon usage](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose)
- [Icon requests](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-icons/issues/new)
- [Patterns](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose)
- [Website](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website/issues/new/choose)

**Code issues**

- [Bug](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug_report.md)
- [React components](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose)
- [React patterns](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose)

## Resources

<Row className="resource-card-group">
<Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
    <ResourceCard
      subTitle="For coding and designing questions: #carbon-for-ibm-dotcom"
      aspectRatio="2:1"
      actionIcon="launch"
      href="https://ibm-studios.slack.com/archives/C2PLX8GQ6"
      >

![Slack icon](../../images/icon/slack-mark.svg)

  </ResourceCard>
    <ResourceCard
      subTitle="Design Office Hours"
      aspectRatio="2:1"
      actionIcon="launch"
      href="https://ec.yourlearning.ibm.com/w3/event/10289722"
      >

![Slack icon](../../images/icon/bee_icon.svg)

  </ResourceCard>
    <ResourceCard
      subTitle="Development Office Hours"
      aspectRatio="2:1"
      actionIcon="launch"
      href="https://ec.yourlearning.ibm.com/w3/event/10289727"
      >

    ![Slack icon](../../images/icon/bee_icon.svg)

  </ResourceCard>
</Column>
</Row>

Commit message:

chore(help): add office hours section

src/pages/help/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Help
description: The help page for Carbon for IBM.com
---

<PageDescription>

The Carbon for IBM.com core team provides support for users of the design system. Find the use case below that most closely matches your own for the quickest response.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Questions</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Suggestions or contributions</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Resources</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Questions

### Carbon for IBM.com website

Please take some time to explore the content on this website before engaging the Carbon for IBM.com core team. The site is very comprehensive and most of the guidelines and components are well documented.

### Frequently asked questions

Answers to the most common questions about the design system can be found in the [FAQ](/help/faqs).

### Slack channels

_Internal IBM users only. The Carbon for IBM.com core team maintains the following channels and will provide support as time permits._

**Please try searching the Slack channel for your topic first.** Slack’s filtering feature will return more targeted and relevant results. For instance, if you have a technical question about the DataTable component, you could search “DataTable” in Slack and then filter by the #carbon-for-ibm-dotcom channel.

_Tip: You can start a new search directly from the message box using the /s slash command._

### Office hours

_Internal IBM users only._

Need help using the design system? Come to the Carbon for IBM.com weekly office hours! Feel free to join just to listen, or sign up ahead of the time with projects to discuss.

- [Design office hours](https://ec.yourlearning.ibm.com/w3/event/10289722)
- [Development office hours](https://ec.yourlearning.ibm.com/w3/event/10289727)

## Suggestions or contributions

### GitHub pull requests

If you have a specific fix or contribution, you can generate a pull request in the appropriate Carbon for IBM.com repo.

### GitHub issues

Bug reports, feature requests, and general feedback can be delivered to the Carbon for IBM.com team via the creation of a [GitHub](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose) issue.

**Design issues**

- [Accessibility](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose)
- [Components](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose)
- [Design kit](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-design-kit/issues/new)
- [Icon usage](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose)
- [Icon requests](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-icons/issues/new)
- [Patterns](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose)
- [Website](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website/issues/new/choose)

**Code issues**

- [Bug](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug_report.md)
- [React components](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose)
- [React patterns](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose)

## Resources

<Row className="resource-card-group">
<Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
    <ResourceCard
      subTitle="For coding and designing questions: #carbon-for-ibm-dotcom"
      aspectRatio="2:1"
      actionIcon="launch"
      href="https://ibm-studios.slack.com/archives/C2PLX8GQ6"
      >

![Slack icon](../../images/icon/slack-mark.svg)

  </ResourceCard>
    <ResourceCard
      subTitle="Design Office Hours"
      aspectRatio="2:1"
      actionIcon="launch"
      href="https://ec.yourlearning.ibm.com/w3/event/10289722"
      >

![Slack icon](../../images/icon/bee_icon.svg)

  </ResourceCard>
    <ResourceCard
      subTitle="Development Office Hours"
      aspectRatio="2:1"
      actionIcon="launch"
      href="https://ec.yourlearning.ibm.com/w3/event/10289727"
      >

    ![Slack icon](../../images/icon/bee_icon.svg)

  </ResourceCard>
</Column>
</Row>
