src/pages/components/content-block-simple.mdx, before:

---
title: Content block simple
description: Content block simple is typically used as the introductory section on a page.
---

import ComponentDescription from 'components/ComponentDescription';
import ComponentFooter from 'components/ComponentFooter';
import ResourceLinks from 'components/ResourceLinks';

<ComponentDescription name="Content block simple" type="layout" />

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Resources</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Variations</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Content guidance</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

<ResourceLinks name="Content block simple" type="layout" />

## Overview

Content block simple is a top-level pattern meaning it ideally lives at the top of a page for introducing page content.
It includes a heading, introductory paragraph, optional media (image or video), optional CTA (call-to-action), and
horizontal rule.

![Image of content block simple default](../../images/pattern/content-block-simple/content-block-simple.jpg)

<br />

## Variations

### With aside elements

Content block simple with aside elements is also used for introducing page content but includes navigational quick links
on the right side. These quick links provide an alternate route directing users to resources related to the content in
the main body.

![Image of content block simple with aside elements](../../images/pattern/content-block-simple/content-block-simple-with-aside-elements.jpg)

<br />

## Content guidance

| Element                                                    | Content type                                                                                                                       | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes                                                      |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| Heading                                                    | Text                                                                                                                               | Yes      | 1         | 40 / 55                                     | Heading override can be used when using table of contents. |
| Copy                                                       | Text                                                                                                                               | Yes      | 1         | 1600 / 2400                                 |                                                            |
| Media                                                      | [Image](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/images/) or [Video](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/video) | No       | 1         | –                                           |                                                            |
| Image alt text                                             | Text                                                                                                                               | No       | 1         | 75 / 100                                    | Image description for accessibility.                       |
| [CTA](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta) | Component                                                                                                                          | No       | 1         | –                                           | All styles except for card.                                |
| Aside container                                            | Component                                                                                                                          | No       | 1         | –                                           |                                                            |

For more information, see the [character count standards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/guidelines/content#character-count-standards).

<ComponentFooter name="Content block simple" type="layout" />

Commit message:

Content block simple update (#1635)
* content block cards update

* update content block simple descriptions

* Update content-block-cards.mdx

---------

Co-authored-by: Rich Kummer <rckummer@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: kodiakhq[bot] <49736102+kodiakhq[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/pages/components/content-block-simple.mdx, after:

---
title: Content block simple
description: Content block simple is typically used as the introductory section on a page.
---

import ComponentDescription from 'components/ComponentDescription';
import ComponentFooter from 'components/ComponentFooter';
import ResourceLinks from 'components/ResourceLinks';

<ComponentDescription name="Content block simple" type="layout" />

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Resources</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Variations</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Content guidance</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

<ResourceLinks name="Content block simple" type="layout" />

## Overview

Content block simple is a top-level component meaning it is typically located at the top of a page to introduce content.
It includes a heading, introductory paragraph, optional media (image or video), optional CTA (call-to-action), and
horizontal rule.

![Image of content block simple default](../../images/pattern/content-block-simple/content-block-simple.jpg)

<br />

## Variations

### With aside elements

This variant is the same as the default version and it also allows for a list of related navigational items positioned to the right side.

![Image of content block simple with aside elements](../../images/pattern/content-block-simple/content-block-simple-with-aside-elements.jpg)

<br />

## Content guidance

| Element                                                    | Content type                                                                                                                       | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes                                                      |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| Heading                                                    | Text                                                                                                                               | Yes      | 1         | 40 / 55                                     | Heading override can be used when using table of contents. |
| Copy                                                       | Text                                                                                                                               | Yes      | 1         | 1600 / 2400                                 |                                                            |
| Media                                                      | [Image](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/images/) or [Video](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/video) | No       | 1         | –                                           |                                                            |
| Image alt text                                             | Text                                                                                                                               | No       | 1         | 75 / 100                                    | Image description for accessibility.                       |
| [CTA](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta) | Component                                                                                                                          | No       | 1         | –                                           | All styles except for card.                                |
| Aside container                                            | Component                                                                                                                          | No       | 1         | –                                           |                                                            |

For more information, see the [character count standards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/guidelines/content#character-count-standards).

<ComponentFooter name="Content block simple" type="layout" />
