src/pages/components/cta-section.mdx, before:

---
title: CTA Section
description:
  CTA (call-to-action) section is used to communicate actions that users can take at key points in your narrative, such
  as at the bottom of an important section or page where the user is ready to progress to subsequent stages in the
  journey.
---

import ComponentDescription from 'components/ComponentDescription';
import ComponentFooter from 'components/ComponentFooter';
import ResourceLinks from 'components/ResourceLinks';

<ComponentDescription name="CTA section" type="layout" />

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Resources</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Variants</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Content guidance</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

<ResourceLinks name="CTA section" type="layout" />

## Overview

CTA (call-to-action) section is a flexible component that can be configured with a heading, copy, CTA, and optionally allows for a collection of various content items or a link list.

![default](../..//images/pattern/cta-section/cta-section.jpg)

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![From left to right: CTA section with content items, CTA section with link list.](../../images/component/card/cards-preview.png)

</Column>
</Row>

## Variants

### CTA section with content items

CTA section with content items adds on to CTA section simple, and allows for a variety of content items: text, media, pictogram or statistics.

This component could be used to display a list of features, multiple images or videos with descriptions, relevant statistics or add interest to a section with informative pictograms.

### CTA section with link list

CTA with link list combines CTA section simple and link list. This component is typically used to collect relevant links at the bottom of a page.

## Content guidance

### CTA section

| Element                                                                                                  | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes                                                                                  |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Heading                                                                                                  | Text         | Yes      | 1         | 40 / 55                                     |                                                                                        |
| Copy                                                                                                     | Text         | No       | 1         | 150 / 200                                   |                                                                                        |
| [CTA](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta#button)                                        | Component    | Yes      | 1–2       | –                                           | Button style CTA only.                                                                 |
| [Content item](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta-section#content-item-for-cta-section) | Component    | No       | 1–6       | –                                           | You can choose either Content items or the Link list component, up to 6 content items. |
| [Link list](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/link-list/#end-of-section)                   | Component    | No       | 1         | –                                           | You can choose either Content items or the Link list component, up to 12 links.        |

### Content item for CTA section

| Element                                                    | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes                                                              |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Heading                                                    | Text         | Yes      | 1         | 20 / 32                                     |                                                                    |
| Copy                                                       | Text         | Yes      | 1         | 150 / 200                                   |                                                                    |
| [CTA](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta) | Component    | Yes      | 1         | 25 / 35                                     | Required for the CTA section component, text or button style only. |
| Style                                                      | Option list  | Yes      | 1         | –                                           | Text, stats, pictogram, or media.                                  |

For more information, see the [character count standards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/guidelines/content#character-count-standards).

<ComponentFooter name="CTA section" type="layout" />

Commit message:

add link list content guidance

src/pages/components/cta-section.mdx, after:

---
title: CTA Section
description: CTA section is used to communicate actions that users can take along with some information that is relevant to the actions.
---

import ComponentDescription from 'components/ComponentDescription';
import ComponentFooter from 'components/ComponentFooter';
import ResourceLinks from 'components/ResourceLinks';

<ComponentDescription name="CTA section" type="layout" />

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Resources</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Variants</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Content guidance</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

<ResourceLinks name="CTA section" type="layout" />

## Overview

CTA (call-to-action) section is a flexible component that can be configured with a heading, copy, CTA, and optionally allows for a collection of various content items or a link list.

This component is typically used at the bottom of a page as the final call to action for the user.

![default](../..//images/pattern/cta-section/cta-section.jpg)

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![From left to right: CTA section with content items, CTA section with link list.](../../images/component/card/cards-preview.png)

<Caption>
  From left to right: CTA section with content items, CTA section with link
  list.
</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

## Variants

### CTA section with content items

CTA section with content items adds on to CTA section simple, and allows for a variety of content items: text, media, pictogram or statistics.

This component could be used to display a list of features, multiple images or videos with descriptions, informative pictograms, or relevant statistics.

### CTA section with link list

CTA with link list combines CTA section simple and link list. This component is typically used to collect relevant links at the bottom of a page.

## Content guidance

### CTA section

| Element                                                                                                  | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes                                                                                  |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Heading                                                                                                  | Text         | Yes      | 1         | 40 / 55                                     |                                                                                        |
| Copy                                                                                                     | Text         | No       | 1         | 150 / 200                                   |                                                                                        |
| [CTA](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta#button)                                        | Component    | Yes      | 1–2       | –                                           | Button or text style CTA only.                                                         |
| [Content item](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta-section#content-item-for-cta-section) | Component    | No       | 1–6       | –                                           | You can choose either Content items or the Link list component, up to 6 content items. |
| [Link list](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/link-list/#end-of-section)                   | Component    | No       | 1         | –                                           | You can choose either Content items or the Link list component, up to 12 links.        |

### Content item for CTA section

| Element                                                    | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes                                                              |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Heading                                                    | Text         | Yes      | 1         | 20 / 32                                     |                                                                    |
| Copy                                                       | Text         | Yes      | 1         | 150 / 200                                   |                                                                    |
| [CTA](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta) | Component    | Yes      | 1         | 25 / 35                                     | Required for the CTA section component, button or text style only. |
| Style                                                      | Option list  | Yes      | 1         | –                                           | Text, stats, pictogram, or media.                                  |

For more information, see the [character count standards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/guidelines/content#character-count-standards).

### Link list

| Element                                                     | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes                       |
| ----------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | --------------------------- |
| Heading                                                     | Text         | Yes      | 1         | 40 / 55                                     |                             |
| [CTA](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta/) | Component    | Yes      | Max 12    | 40 / 55                                     | Text style CTA is required. |

For more information, see the [character count standards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/guidelines/content#character-count-standards).

<ComponentFooter name="CTA section" type="layout" />
