src/pages/components/tabs-extended.mdx, before:

---
title: Tabs extended
description: Tabs extended combines tabs and accordion to organize editorial content.
---

import ComponentDescription from 'components/ComponentDescription';
import ComponentFooter from 'components/ComponentFooter';
import sketchSymbol from '../../images/icon/sketch-symbol.svg';
import githubSymbol from '../../images/icon/github-icon.svg';
import reactSymbol from '../../images/icon/react-icon.svg';
import webComponentsSymbol from '../../images/icon/web-components-icon.svg';
import ResourceLinks from 'components/ResourceLinks';

<ComponentDescription name="Tabs extended" type="ui" />

<AnchorLinks>
  <AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Tabs extended</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Tabs extended media</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>
</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

Tabs are useful for displaying parallel pieces of content that share the same context. It has the additional benefit of reducing screen height, but should be used careful because some information are hidden on load.

Our Tabs extended component references the Carbon Design System's [tabs component](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/tabs/usage/), and it is built with additional features to optimize for editorial content.

## Tabs extended

On desktop, Tabs extended renders as tabs. On mobile, the component renders as an accordion, making it easy to read and access each section while scrolling.

Tab labels wrap up to two lines before being truncated. Truncated labels are fully displayed in tooltips on hover and focus.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Image of Tabs extended component on desktop](../../images/component/tabs-extended/components--tabs-extended-1.png)

<Caption>Example of the tabs extended, on desktop</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

On mobile, Tabs extended switches to an accordion for easier browsing.

<Row>
<Column colMd={6} colLg={4}>

![Image of Tabs extended component on `sm`](../../images/component/tabs-extended/components--tabs-extended-3.png)

<Caption>Example of the tabs extended, on mobile</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

### Modifiers

#### Orientation

Tabs orientation on desktop can be set to horizontal or vertical. When using the vertical orientation, the tabs are displayed stacked in one column. This allows for longer tab labels.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Image of Tabs extended component on `sm`](../../images/component/tabs-extended/components--tabs-extended-2.png)

<Caption>Example of the tabs extended using vertical orientation</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

<ResourceLinks name="Tabs extended" type="ui" multiComponent />

### Content guidance for Tabs extended

| Element                                                                                                                | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes                                                                                         |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Child container                                                                                                        | Component    | Yes      | Min 2     | –                                           | Container areas that child components and other content types can be passed into (1 per tab). |
| <a href="https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/tabs/usage/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Tabs</a> | Component    | Yes      | 2–6       | –                                           | Tab renders as an accordion for medium breakpoint and smaller.                                |
| Tab item                                                                                                               | Text         | Yes      | –         | 25 / 35                                     | When using vertical orientation max character count = 40 / 55.                                |

For more information, see the [character count standards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/guidelines/content#character-count-standards).

## Tabs extended media

Tabs extended provides an option to include media. It uses [Content item horizontal](/components/content-item-horizontal) with media to create an organized section for displaying content with media. This is useful especially when reducing page length is desired. Keep in mind that when using tabs, some content will be hidden until the user interacts with the component, so they should not be used for information that is considered critical.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Image of Tabs extended with media component](../../images/component/tabs-extended/components--tabs-extended-media-1.png)

<Caption>Example of the tabs extended media, on desktop</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

On mobile, Tabs extended media renders as an accordion for easier browsing.

<Row>
<Column colMd={4} colLg={4}>

![Image of Tabs extended media component](../../images/component/tabs-extended/components--tabs-extended-media-2.png)

<Caption>Example of the tabs extended media, on mobile</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

<ResourceLinks name="Tabs extended media" type="layout" multiComponent />

### Content guidance for Tabs extended media

| Element                                                                                                                                          | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes          |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| Tabs extended                                                                                                                                    | Component    | Yes      | 1         | –                                           |                |
| [Content item horizontal with media](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-item-horizontal#content-item-horizontal-with-media) | Component    | Yes      | 1         | –                                           | Max 1 per tab. |

For more information, see the [character count standards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/guidelines/content#character-count-standards).

<ComponentFooter name="Tabs extended" type="ui" />

Commit message:

tabs-extended-grammar-fix (#1626)
* tabs-extended-grammar-fix

* remove reduce page length

src/pages/components/tabs-extended.mdx, after:

---
title: Tabs extended
description: Tabs extended combines tabs and accordion to organize editorial content.
---

import ComponentDescription from 'components/ComponentDescription';
import ComponentFooter from 'components/ComponentFooter';
import sketchSymbol from '../../images/icon/sketch-symbol.svg';
import githubSymbol from '../../images/icon/github-icon.svg';
import reactSymbol from '../../images/icon/react-icon.svg';
import webComponentsSymbol from '../../images/icon/web-components-icon.svg';
import ResourceLinks from 'components/ResourceLinks';

<ComponentDescription name="Tabs extended" type="ui" />

<AnchorLinks>
  <AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Tabs extended</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Tabs extended media</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>
</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

Tabs are useful for displaying parallel pieces of content that share the same context. It has the additional benefit of reducing screen height, but should be used carefully because some information is hidden on load.

Our Tabs extended component references the Carbon Design System's [tabs component](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/tabs/usage/), and it is built with additional features to optimize for editorial content.

## Tabs extended

On desktop, Tabs extended renders as tabs. On mobile, the component renders as an accordion, making it easy to read and access each section while scrolling.

Tab labels wrap up to two lines before being truncated. Truncated labels are fully displayed in tooltips on hover and focus.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Image of Tabs extended component on desktop](../../images/component/tabs-extended/components--tabs-extended-1.png)

<Caption>Example of the tabs extended, on desktop</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

On mobile, Tabs extended switches to an accordion for easier browsing.

<Row>
<Column colMd={6} colLg={4}>

![Image of Tabs extended component on `sm`](../../images/component/tabs-extended/components--tabs-extended-3.png)

<Caption>Example of the tabs extended, on mobile</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

### Modifiers

#### Orientation

Tabs orientation on desktop can be set to horizontal or vertical. When using the vertical orientation, the tabs are displayed stacked in one column. This allows for longer tab labels.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Image of Tabs extended component on `sm`](../../images/component/tabs-extended/components--tabs-extended-2.png)

<Caption>Example of the tabs extended using vertical orientation</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

<ResourceLinks name="Tabs extended" type="ui" multiComponent />

### Content guidance for Tabs extended

| Element                                                                                                                | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes                                                                                         |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Child container                                                                                                        | Component    | Yes      | Min 2     | –                                           | Container areas that child components and other content types can be passed into (1 per tab). |
| <a href="https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/tabs/usage/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Tabs</a> | Component    | Yes      | 2–6       | –                                           | Tab renders as an accordion for medium breakpoint and smaller.                                |
| Tab item                                                                                                               | Text         | Yes      | –         | 25 / 35                                     | When using vertical orientation max character count = 40 / 55.                                |

For more information, see the [character count standards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/guidelines/content#character-count-standards).

## Tabs extended with media

Tabs extended with media provides an option where the tab panel is pre-populated with the [Content item horizontal](/components/content-item-horizontal) with media component to create an organized section for displaying content paired with media. Keep in mind that when using tabs, some content will be hidden until the user interacts with the component, so they should not be used for information that is considered critical.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Image of Tabs extended with media component](../../images/component/tabs-extended/components--tabs-extended-media-1.png)

<Caption>Example of the tabs extended media, on desktop</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

On mobile, Tabs extended media renders as an accordion for easier browsing.

<Row>
<Column colMd={4} colLg={4}>

![Image of Tabs extended media component](../../images/component/tabs-extended/components--tabs-extended-media-2.png)

<Caption>Example of the tabs extended media, on mobile</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

<ResourceLinks name="Tabs extended media" type="layout" multiComponent />

### Content guidance for Tabs extended media

| Element                                                                                                                                          | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes          |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| Tabs extended                                                                                                                                    | Component    | Yes      | 1         | –                                           |                |
| [Content item horizontal with media](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-item-horizontal#content-item-horizontal-with-media) | Component    | Yes      | 1         | –                                           | Max 1 per tab. |

For more information, see the [character count standards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/guidelines/content#character-count-standards).

<ComponentFooter name="Tabs extended" type="ui" />
