src/pages/components/tag-link.mdx, before:

---
title: Tag link
description: Tag link is a clickable tag that links the topic to another page for users to find more information about the topic.
---

import ComponentDescription from 'components/ComponentDescription';
import ComponentFeedback from 'components/ComponentFeedback';
import ResourceLinks from 'components/ResourceLinks';

<ComponentDescription name="Tag link" type="ui" />

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Resources</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Content guidance</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>
  
</AnchorLinks>

<ResourceLinks
  name="Tag link"
  designLink={'https://ibm.box.com/s/y5dx0hxzcsn6i6xv6i1vwlsec300gbm5'}
  type="ui"
/>

## Overview

Tag link is a clickable tag that links the topic to another page for users to find more information about the topic. It uses Carbon's [Tag](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/tag/usage/) as a base, and uses a larger type token and additional spacing around the label. Unlike Tag, Tag link has set color styles for the label and background.

Tag link is primarily used in an optional group in the [Lead space](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/leadspace). Used in this way, the Tag links add categories and additional context to the Lead space.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={12}>

![Tag link in lead space](../../images/component/tag-link/components--tag-link.jpg)

</Column>
</Row>

## Content guidance

| Element | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes               |
| ------- | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| Label   | Text         | No       | 1         | 25 / 35                                     | URL added in setup. |

## Feedback

<ComponentFeedback />

Commit message:

Renamed page, updated JSON, added H2s

src/pages/components/tag-link.mdx, after:

---
title: Tags
description: Tags help label and categorize content using keywords. Tag link enables a tag to be clickable and navigate users to related content.
---

import ComponentDescription from 'components/ComponentDescription';
import ComponentFeedback from 'components/ComponentFeedback';
import ResourceLinks from 'components/ResourceLinks';

<ComponentDescription name="Tag link" type="ui" />

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Resources</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Content guidance</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>
  
</AnchorLinks>

<ResourceLinks
  name="Tag link"
  designLink={'https://ibm.box.com/s/y5dx0hxzcsn6i6xv6i1vwlsec300gbm5'}
  type="ui"
/>

## Overview

Tag link is a clickable tag that links the topic to another page for users to find more information about the topic. It uses Carbon's [Tag](https://carbondesignsystem.com/components/tag/usage/) as a base, and uses a larger type token and additional spacing around the label. Unlike Tag, Tag link has set color styles for the label and background.

Tag link is primarily used in an optional group in the [Lead space](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/leadspace). Used in this way, the Tag links add categories and additional context to the Lead space.

<Row>
<Column colMd={8} colLg={12}>

![Tag link in lead space](../../images/component/tag-link/components--tag-link.jpg)

</Column>
</Row>

## Content guidance

| Element | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes               |
| ------- | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| Label   | Text         | No       | 1         | 25 / 35                                     | URL added in setup. |

## Feedback

<ComponentFeedback />
