src/pages/components/universal-banner.mdx, before:

---
title: Universal banner
description: Universal banner is used exclusively to feature global and critical announcements. It is the only component that can be positioned above the masthead.
---

import { ComponentStatus } from 'components/ComponentList';
import ComponentDescription from 'components/ComponentDescription';
import ComponentFeedback from 'components/ComponentFeedback';

<!--
<ComponentDescription name="Component name" type="layout" />
-->

<PageDescription>

Universal banner is used exclusively to feature global and critical announcements. It is the only component that can be positioned above the masthead.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Behaviors</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Modifiers</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Resources</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Content guidance</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

Universal banner is intended for high level and critical announcements such as IBM's THINK global event or COVID-19 messaging. The banner is the only component that can be positioned above the masthead. It has a max height to encourage succinct messaging and optional fields for an image, heading, body copy, and CTA.

For non-critical announcements and callouts, use the [Content group banner](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-banner/) component instead.

1. **Image:** Optional image with two size options.
2. **Heading:** A succinct and optional heading about the announcement.
3. **Body copy:** A short optional description.
4. **CTA type:** The optional call to action for the user.

## Behaviors

Note that if the content extends beyond the component's fixed height, the content will be cut off.

### Small breakpoint (sm)

The Universal banner is presented differently at the small breakpoint.

- The image is hidden.
- The CTA changes from a button to a text link.
- The entire banner is clickable.

## Modifiers

### Images

Universal banner accommodates two different image size options, one at 4 columns wide and another 8 columns wide for the large, x-large, and max breakpoints.

## Tips and techniques

<!--
Use this section to explain design decisions and recommendations in more detail. Be sure to include the rationale behind the recommendations.

Examples include:
— Why the masthead stays white
— Placement of arrows on cards
-->

## Resources

<!--
This section is auto-generated includes mini cards with links to Design specifications, Functional specifications, React Storybook, and Web Components Storybook. Be sure to add the component name below.

<ResourceLinks name="universal banner" type="layout" />
-->

## Content guidance

<!--
This section contains a table with the content requirements of the component. Replace the content below with the relevant content guidance for your component.


| Element                                                    | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes                                                                               |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Image                                                      | Media        | No       | 1         | –                                           | Two size options.                                                                                    |
| Heading                                                    | Text         | No       | 1         | 40 / 55                                     |                                                                                     |
| Copy                                                       | Text         | No       | 1         | 65 / 85                                     |                  |
| [CTA](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta) | Component    | No       | 1         | 20 / 30                                     | Tertiary button, text link on small breakpoint.                                              |

For more information, see the [character count standards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/guidelines/content#character-count-standards).
-->

## Feedback

<ComponentFeedback />

Commit message:

Remove modifiers add sections for variants
- added two anchor links for banner with text only and banner with image
- added content guidance tables for two variations
- removed modifier section

src/pages/components/universal-banner.mdx, after:

---
title: Universal banner
description: Universal banner is used exclusively to feature global and critical announcements. It is the only component that can be positioned above the masthead.
---

import { ComponentStatus } from 'components/ComponentList';
import ComponentDescription from 'components/ComponentDescription';
import ComponentFeedback from 'components/ComponentFeedback';

<!--
<ComponentDescription name="Component name" type="layout" />
-->

<PageDescription>

Universal banner is used exclusively to feature global and critical announcements. It is the only component that can be positioned above the masthead.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Banner with text only</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Banner with image</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Behaviors</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Resources</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Content guidance</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

Universal banner is intended for high level and critical announcements such as IBM's THINK global event or COVID-19 messaging. The banner is the only component that can be positioned above the masthead. It has a max height to encourage succinct messaging and optional fields for an image, heading, body copy, and CTA.

For non-critical announcements and callouts, use the [Content group banner](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-banner/) component instead.

1. **Image:** Optional image with two size options.
2. **Heading:** A succinct and optional heading about the announcement.
3. **Body copy:** A short optional description.
4. **CTA type:** The optional call to action for the user.

## Banner with text only

Universal banner accommodates heading and body copy options. For information about content in universal banner with text only, see the [content guidance table](#content-guidance-for-banner-with-text-only).

## Banner with image

Universal banner accommodates two different image size options, small and large. For information about content in universal banner with image, see the [content guidance table](#content-guidance-for-banner-with-image).

## Behaviors

Note that if the content extends beyond the component's fixed height, the content will be cut off.

### Smaller breakpoints (sm and md)

The Universal banner is presented differently at the smaller breakpoints.

- The image is hidden.
- The CTA changes from a button to a link with icon at the small breakpoint.
- The entire banner is clickable the small breakpoint.

## Tips and techniques

<!--
Use this section to explain design decisions and recommendations in more detail. Be sure to include the rationale behind the recommendations.

Examples include:
— Why the masthead stays white
— Placement of arrows on cards
-->

## Resources

<!--
This section is auto-generated includes mini cards with links to Design specifications, Functional specifications, React Storybook, and Web Components Storybook. Be sure to add the component name below.

<ResourceLinks name="universal banner" type="layout" />
-->

## Content guidance for banner with text only


| Element                                                    | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes                                                                               |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Heading                                                    | Text         | No       | 1         | 40 / 55                                     | Character count can go up to 75 / 100 if not using body copy.                                                    |
| Copy                                                       | Text         | No       | 1         | 40 / 55                                     |                  |
| [CTA](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta) | Component    | No       | 1         | 25 / 35                                     | Tertiary button style CTA only, link with icon at small breakpoint.                                              |

For more information, see the [character count standards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/guidelines/content#character-count-standards).

## Content guidance for banner with image

| Element                                                    | Content type | Required | Instances | Character limit <br/>(English / translated) | Notes                                                                               |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Image                                                      | Media        | No       | 1         | –                                           | Small or large image.                                                                                    |
| Heading                                                    | Text         | No       | 1         | 40 / 55                                     | Character count be go up to 75 / 100 if using large image or not using body copy.                                                                                    |
| Copy                                                       | Text         | No       | 1         | 40 / 55                                     | Character count reduces to 25 / 35 when using large image.                 |
| [CTA](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta) | Component    | No       | 1         | 20 / 30                                     | Tertiary button style CTA only, link with icon at small breakpoint.                                              |

For more information, see the [character count standards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/guidelines/content#character-count-standards).

## Feedback

<ComponentFeedback />
