src/pages/developing/web-components-tutorial/overview.mdx, before:

---
title: Tutorial overview
description:
  Welcome to Carbon for IBM.com! This tutorial will guide you through the process of creating an
  application with Carbon for IBM.com Web Components.
tabs:
  ['Overview', 'Step 1', 'Step 2', 'Step 3', 'Step 4', 'Step 5', 'Wrapping up']
---

import Preview from 'components/Preview';
import { Link } from 'gatsby';

<PageDescription>

This tutorial will guide you through the process of creating an application with Carbon for IBM.com Web Components. We'll teach you the ins and outs of using Carbon components, while introducing web development best practices along the way.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Audience</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Prerequisites</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Outline</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

Here's a
[preview](https://carbon-design-system.github.io/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-tutorial/step-5/)
of what you will build:

<Preview
  height="400"
  title="Carbon for IBM.com Tutorial"
  src="https://carbon-design-system.github.io/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-tutorial/step-5/"
  frameborder="no"
  allowtransparency="true"
  allowfullscreen="true"
/>

## Audience

This tutorial is intended for people with any amount of web development
experience. If you want to jump straight to code, you may want to skip this
tutorial and go to the <Link to="/developing">developers getting started</Link>
page.

## Prerequisites

### Carbon Web Components

This is a web development tutorial that uses Carbon Web Components. If you're just getting started with Web Components and would like to learn the preliminaries by doing, check out the Google Developer Web Fundamentals on [web components](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/web-components).

### ES6/ES2015

While Carbon for IBM.com is also available via <Link to="/developing/frameworks/web-components#install-via-cdn">CDN</Link>, this tutorial uses the ES6/ES2015 approach for building an application using Carbon for IBM.com Web Components. You'll want to be up to speed on the most commonly used features of the language. [Let's Learn ES6](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL57atfCFqj2h5fpdZD-doGEIs0NZxeJTX) covers those features in depth.

### GitHub

We'll be using GitHub to build an app together, so if you're new to GitHub, make
sure you've [made an account](https://github.com/join). Their
[getting started guide](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world) is a
great way to learn GitHub.

### Yarn

This tutorial uses [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) for dependency management so we
can take advantage of offline installs. Make sure that you have
[Yarn installed](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) prior to starting the
tutorial so you can follow along step-by-step.

## Outline

Each step in this tutorial illustrates a different aspect of developing web
applications with Carbon. We recommend starting with step 1, but you can pick up
any step and take it from there.

1. [**Installing Carbon**](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-1)
   - Create a web app with the dotcom shell component.
2. [**Adding out of the box components**](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-2)
   - Include some out of the box components from the `Carbon for IBM.com` library in the page.
3. [**Adding custom Content Block components**](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-3)
   - Customize some of our more flexible components like `Content block`.
4. [**TBD**](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-4)
   - TBD
5. [**Deploying to IBM Cloud**](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-5)
   - Deploying to IBM Cloud

Commit message:

docs(tutorial): update overview/wrapping up pages and descriptions

src/pages/developing/web-components-tutorial/overview.mdx, after:

---
title: Tutorial overview
description:
  Welcome to Carbon for IBM.com! This tutorial will guide you through the process of creating an
  application with Carbon for IBM.com Web Components.
tabs:
  ['Overview', 'Step 1', 'Step 2', 'Step 3', 'Step 4', 'Step 5', 'Wrapping up']
---

import Preview from 'components/Preview';
import { Link } from 'gatsby';

<PageDescription>

This tutorial will guide you through the process of creating an application with Carbon for IBM.com Web Components. We'll teach you the ins and outs of using Carbon components, while introducing web development best practices along the way.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Audience</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Prerequisites</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Outline</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

Here's a
[preview](https://carbon-design-system.github.io/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-tutorial/step-5/)
of what you will build:

<Preview
  height="400"
  title="Carbon for IBM.com Tutorial"
  src="https://carbon-design-system.github.io/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-tutorial/step-5/"
  frameborder="no"
  allowtransparency="true"
  allowfullscreen="true"
/>

## Audience

This tutorial is intended for people with any amount of web development
experience. If you want to jump straight to code, you may want to skip this
tutorial and go to the <Link to="/developing">developers getting started</Link>
page.

## Prerequisites

### Carbon Web Components

This is a web development tutorial that uses Carbon Web Components. If you're just getting started with Web Components and would like to learn the preliminaries by doing, check out the Google Developer Web Fundamentals on [web components](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/web-components).

### ES6/ES2015

While Carbon for IBM.com is also available via <Link to="/developing/frameworks/web-components#install-via-cdn">CDN</Link>, this tutorial uses the ES6/ES2015 approach for building an application using Carbon for IBM.com Web Components. You'll want to be up to speed on the most commonly used features of the language. [Let's Learn ES6](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL57atfCFqj2h5fpdZD-doGEIs0NZxeJTX) covers those features in depth.

### GitHub

We'll be using GitHub to build an app together, so if you're new to GitHub, make
sure you've [made an account](https://github.com/join). Their
[getting started guide](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world) is a
great way to learn GitHub.

### Yarn

This tutorial uses [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) for dependency management so we
can take advantage of offline installs. Make sure that you have
[Yarn installed](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) prior to starting the
tutorial so you can follow along step-by-step.

## Outline

Each step in this tutorial illustrates a different aspect of developing web
applications with Carbon. We recommend starting with step 1, but you can pick up
any step and take it from there.

1. [**Installing Carbon**](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-1)
   - Create a web app with the dotcom shell component.
2. [**Adding out of the box components**](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-2)
   - Include some out of the box components from the `Carbon for IBM.com` library in the page.
3. [**Adding custom Content Block components**](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-3)
   - Customize some of our more flexible components like `Content block`.
4. [**Adding custom Carbon components**](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-4)
   - Use pure Carbon components within your page, and learn how to use their custom events to our advantage.
5. [**Deploying to Github Pages**](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-5)
   - Deploy the production build to GitHub Pages.
