src/pages/developing/web-components-tutorial/wrapping-up.mdx, before:

---
title: Wrapping up
description:
  Welcome to Carbon for IBM.com! This tutorial will guide you in creating an
  application with Carbon for IBM.com Web Components.
tabs:
  ['Overview', 'Step 1', 'Step 2', 'Step 3', 'Step 4', 'Step 5', 'Wrapping up']
---

<PageDescription>

Thanks for completing our tutorial and helping us improve it along the way. If
you want to show the world your new skills, you can apply for an IBM Digital
Badge.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Application form</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Badge information</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Application form

Once you complete all five steps of the tutorial, you can apply for an
[IBM Digital Badge](). These badges are available to anybody who completes the
tutorial, not just IBM employees.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

<Caption>IBM Digital Badge</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

## Badge information

For more information about the IBM Carbon Design System Developer Essentials -
React badge, see the [Acclaim](https://www.youracclaim.com/org/ibm/badge/tbd)
site.

### Badge process

This badge demonstrates knowledge about Carbon's React components. To earn the
badge:

1. Complete steps 1 through 5 of the Carbon for IBM.com Web Components tutorial:
   - Step 1. [Installing Carbon](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-1)
   - Step 2. [TBD](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-2)
   - Step 3. [TBD](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-3)
   - Step 4. [TBD](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-4)
   - Step 5. [TBD](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-5)
2. Have approved pull requests for steps 1 through 5 in the
   [carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-tutorial repository](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-tutorial).
3. Apply for the IBM Digital Badge by completing the [form and survey]().

<InlineNotification>

**Note:** To quickly find your submitted PRs, you can
[filter by author](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-tutorial/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=author%3Ausername)
(e.g. `author:${username}`).

</InlineNotification>

### FAQ and help

For questions related to your Acclaim badge earner account and profile, as well
as issues related to claiming your badge after receiving a notification, go to
[http://support.youracclaim.com](http://support.youracclaim.com) for account
issues.

### Privacy statement

NOTICE: IBM leverages the services of Credly's Acclaim platform, a 3rd party
data processor authorized by IBM and located in the United States, to assist in
the administration of the IBM Digital Badge program. In order to issue you an
IBM Digital Badge, your personal information (name, email address, and badge
earned) will be shared with the Credly's Acclaim platform. You will receive an
email notification from Acclaim with instructions for claiming the badge. Your
personal information is used to issue your badge and for program reporting and
operational purposes. It will be handled in a manner consistent with IBM privacy
practices. The IBM Privacy Statement can be viewed here:
[https://www.ibm.com/privacy/us/en/](https://www.ibm.com/privacy/us/en/). IBM
employees can view the IBM Internal Privacy Statement here:
[https://w3.ibm.com/w3publisher/w3-privacy-notice](https://w3.ibm.com/w3publisher/w3-privacy-notice).

To apply for the IBM Digital Badge, please complete the [form and survey]().

Commit message:

feat(tutorial): update wrapping up step in the tutorial (#1381)
* feat(tutorial): update wrapping up step in the tutorial

* docs(tutorial): update overview/wrapping up pages and descriptions

* Update src/pages/developing/web-components-tutorial/overview.mdx

Co-authored-by: Ariella Gilmore <ariellalgilmore@gmail.com>

* Update src/pages/developing/web-components-tutorial/wrapping-up.mdx

Co-authored-by: Jan Child <44503588+janchild@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update src/pages/developing/web-components-tutorial/wrapping-up.mdx

Co-authored-by: Jan Child <44503588+janchild@users.noreply.github.com>

Co-authored-by: Ariella Gilmore <ariellalgilmore@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Jan Child <44503588+janchild@users.noreply.github.com>

src/pages/developing/web-components-tutorial/wrapping-up.mdx, after:

---
title: Wrapping up
description:
  Welcome to Carbon for IBM.com! This tutorial will guide you in creating an
  application with Carbon for IBM.com Web Components.
tabs:
  ['Overview', 'Step 1', 'Step 2', 'Step 3', 'Step 4', 'Step 5', 'Wrapping up']
---

<PageDescription>

Thanks for completing our tutorial and helping us improve it along the way. If
you want to show the world your new skills, you can apply for an IBM Digital
Badge.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Application form</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Badge information</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Application form

Once you complete all five steps of the tutorial, you can apply for an
[IBM Digital Badge](https://badges.carbondesignsystem.com). These badges are available to anybody who completes the
tutorial, not just IBM employees.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

<Caption>IBM Digital Badge</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

## Badge information

For more information about the IBM Carbon Design System Developer Essentials -
Carbon for IBM.com Web Components badge, see the [Acclaim](https://www.youracclaim.com/org/ibm/badge/tbd)
site.

### Badge process

This badge demonstrates knowledge about Carbon for IBM.com Web Components. To earn the
badge:

1. Complete steps 1 through 5 of the Carbon for IBM.com Web Components tutorial:
   - Step 1. [Installing Carbon](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-1)
   - Step 2. [Adding out of the box components](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-2)
   - Step 3. [Adding custom Content block components](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-3)
   - Step 4. [Adding custom Carbon components](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-4)
   - Step 5. [Deploying to GitHub Pages](/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-5)
2. Have approved pull requests for steps 1 through 5 in the
   [carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-tutorial repository](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-tutorial).
3. Apply for the IBM Digital Badge by completing the [form and survey](https://badges.carbondesignsystem.com/).

<InlineNotification>

**Note:** To quickly find your submitted PRs, you can
[filter by author](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-tutorial/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=author%3Ausername)
(e.g. `author:${username}`).

</InlineNotification>

### FAQ and help

For questions related to your Acclaim badge earner account and profile, as well
as issues related to claiming your badge after receiving a notification, go to
[http://support.youracclaim.com](http://support.youracclaim.com) for account
issues.

### Privacy statement

NOTICE: IBM leverages the services of Credly's Acclaim platform, a 3rd party
data processor authorized by IBM and located in the United States, to assist in
the administration of the IBM Digital Badge program. In order to issue you an
IBM Digital Badge, your personal information (name, email address, and badge
earned) will be shared with the Credly's Acclaim platform. You will receive an
email notification from Acclaim with instructions for claiming the badge. Your
personal information is used to issue your badge and for program reporting and
operational purposes. It will be handled in a manner consistent with IBM privacy
practices. The IBM Privacy Statement can be viewed here:
[https://www.ibm.com/privacy/us/en/](https://www.ibm.com/privacy/us/en/). IBM
employees can view the IBM Internal Privacy Statement here:
[https://w3.ibm.com/w3publisher/w3-privacy-notice](https://w3.ibm.com/w3publisher/w3-privacy-notice).

To apply for the IBM Digital Badge, please complete the [form and survey](https://badges.carbondesignsystem.com/).
