src/pages/contributing/patterns.mdx, before:

---
title: Patterns
description: Patterns are best practice solutions for how a user achieves a goal. They show reusable combinations of components and templates that address common user objectives with sequences and flows.
---

<PageDescription>

A Pattern is a best practice for how a user should achieve a goal. It demonstrates how combining components in a certain way, can help address a common
objective. Typically a pattern lays out components with a specific sequence and/or flow. A Lead Space is a typical pattern because it combines various components like images or videos and buttons for primary Call To Actions (CTAs). The best practice comes out of defining the best lead space for the right use case.

</PageDescription>

## First steps to contributing

If you have designed a pattern or best practice that you don't see defined in our library and would like to share it, contribute it here so others can benefit from the collective wisdom, testing, etc.

To contribute a pattern to Carbon for IBM.com, start by opening a Feature Request: <a href="https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose" target="_blank">GitHub issue</a> and select Feature Request.

In this GitHub issue, include the following:

- Definition of your pattern and explain the use case
- Include designs, mockups and/or prototypes of any level of fidelity
- Include competitive analysis and any inspirations from other products

This Feature Request will be the staging ground for the pattern contribution and you
can expect the Carbon for IBM.com team to weigh in with comments and suggestions.

## How to structure your pattern contribution

We are in the work process to create guidelines to help you prepare a complete and comprehensive pattern. The guidelines and the required structure will be coming soon.

At a minimum, the request you open should have ample information that justifies why you think it is a pattern worthy of being available to others.

Most important to credibility is user research and user testing evidence. Please share what evidence and results you have.

Commit message:

content clean up: big sweep from audit (#1417)
* content clean up: sweep #1

* resource page clean up

* Update documentation.mdx

* Update patterns.mdx

* Update content.mdx

* Update patterns.mdx

Small edit to kick off another build

Co-authored-by: kodiakhq[bot] <49736102+kodiakhq[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

src/pages/contributing/patterns.mdx, after:

---
title: Patterns
description: Patterns are best practice solutions for how a user achieves a goal. They show reusable combinations of components and templates that address common user objectives with sequences and flows.
---

<PageDescription>

Patterns are best practice solutions for how a user achieves a goal. They show reusable combinations of components and templates that address common user objectives with sequences and flows. Read on to learn about pattern contributions.

</PageDescription>

## First steps to contributing

If you have designed a pattern or best practice that you don't see defined in our library and would like to share it, contribute it here so others can benefit from the collective wisdom, testing, etc.

To contribute a pattern to Carbon for IBM.com, start by opening a Feature Request: <a href="https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/issues/new/choose" target="_blank">GitHub issue</a> and select Feature Request.

In this GitHub issue, include the following:

- Definition of your pattern and explain the use case
- Include designs, mockups and/or prototypes of any level of fidelity
- Include competitive analysis and any inspirations from other products

The feature request will be the staging ground for the pattern contribution, and the Carbon for IBM.com team will weigh in with comments and suggestions.

## How to structure your pattern contribution

For guidelines about preparing patterns for publication, see Carbon Design System's [Contributing > Patterns](https://carbondesignsystem.com/contributing/pattern/) page.
